hi I'm Alan Jones executive editor for
boating world magazine well today with
Kirk Llewellyn who's the Regional Sales
Manager for Hydra Sports were aboard the
new 2,300 and vector and I'll tell you
what what's happened to the Hydra sports
brand in the last year so well you know
Alan a lot has happened to the brand
Mastercraft boat company as our parent
company now has the new owner of Hydra
Sports has really taken the brand and
cleaned it up done it a lot of great
things with it and the forward-thinking
group that we have with the new Hydra
sports were really excited to be aboard
well I got a first-hand look at that I
was just in the Fort Lauderdale Boat
Show and saw the new flag ships and I
tell you what they are really blinged up
and the quality's really there and great
bells and whistles and features and
really ergonomically correct it was
really nice to see well glad you liked
it we're sure are proud of the brand
well I understand that kind of gives now
that they're building the Hydra sports
in in Tennessee next to the Mastercraft
getting to use master crafts a pretty
forward-thinking company so they they
have all the great tools to design boats
and what are some of the things you can
do now that you couldn't do you know
we're now able to offer not only
Raymarine but also garment electronics
on board the boat and with master craft
and all of the great things that they
bring to the table one of them is gel
coat colors today you can build your
Hydra sports lime-green or the yellow
bolt if that's really the way you want
to go now that'll scare the fish away
cuz it's awesome well tell me about some
of the features we have in this boat you
know we've got some optional rod holders
on the transom with a center walk
through and we have these nice two aft
bench seats that fold down flush so it
opens up the back of this 23 foot boat
for great fishing room well I notice we
have a Yamaha v6 offshore the the new
generation 4.2 liter block phenomenal
power plant with tons of power behind it
the on plane time of this boat is three
seconds or less top speed in the low to
mid 50s I would guess yeah it's a
awesome performing
let's take a look at the console and see
what we have here Kirk I really love
these this leaning posterior with the
flip of seats bolsters it's pretty neat
the convertible seat makes it great for
sitting or standing with a two-position
footrest down below you're really able
to sit and troll comfortably or stand
and run the boat offshore without any
problems at all the console is laid out
very smartly as well with plenty of room
for flush mount electronics all of the
switches are own breakers there's two
12-volt power points there at the dash
as well and you know powder sports goes
that extra mile and even the copper is
tinned behind the panel that's great
what else do we have going on with the
we have the Yamaha gauges here I noticed
Yamaha gauges Lenco electric tabs and
hydraulic steering all standard I think
the mom and the kids are gonna like the
head compartment in there I could even
fit so that's pretty amazing
nice well let's go up to the front I
tell you what there's something I gotta
gotta check out here well this is so
pretty family friendly up here this is
all padded and I know you can remove
this but nice deep cockpit for safety
mom and the kids are gonna be real safe
up here Alan I'll tell you you know even
not always going off shore every day but
maybe let's go to the sandbar load the
pads in mom and the kids will be real
comfortable in this nice deep setting no
what do we have here got an insulated
cooler it's insulated with a two-pound
density foam and you know what's really
unusual is for a manufacturer to build a
cooler that will actually hold on that
actually acts as a cooler awesome well
one of the things I love all the the bow
of this gets higher as you go forward
and you have this giant flat area up
here that you can you know throw a cast
net or or get retrieve the anchor and a
really great job and to kill a lot of
flare up here for staying drives pretty
sweet the big pronounced bow flare
really goes hand-in-hand with the deep V
Hall itself we're on a 23 foot boat but
to take this boat offshore it's exactly
what it's designed to do so with the 20
degree dead rise on the hole you'll be
comfortable on on the sandbar or
offshore what Kirk thanks for what
showing me ro appreciate it thank you
Alan we just finished testing the hydro
sports 23
vector it's followed by Yamahas brand
new 4.2 liter block v6 offshore 300
horsepower really pushes this boat
nicely
we got unplaned in 2.7 seconds and buzz
230 miles an hour and six seconds flat
with a top speed of fifty three point
three miles an hour now at that speed we
were hitting the rev limiter at 5900
they haven't said so won't let us
succeed that that mark and you know
usually we cheat a little bit and over
rev it a little bit couldn't quite do it
so I think this boat if you could trim
it all the way up it would go even
faster
great performance we have a 20 degree
dead rise hull which really gives us a
nice nice ability to slice through the
waves it's just a good
bruiser of offshore boat in a compact 23
foot package that's easily trailer bull
for more information on the hydro sports
2300 vector and other great boats go to
boating worldcom I'm Alan Jones will see
offshore efficient for grouper